feat: add OpenAPI support (#450)
api-platform/admin: README.md

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40api-platform%2Fadmin.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40api-platform%2Fadmin)

API Platform Admin is a tool to automatically create a beautiful (Material Design) and fully-featured administration interface

> for any API supporting [the Hydra Core Vocabulary](http://www.hydra-cg.com/) or exposing an [OpenAPI documentation](https://swagger.io/specification/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for any API supporting [the Hydra Core Vocabulary](http://www.hydra-cg.com/) or exposing an [OpenAPI documentation](https://www.openapis.org/),
```
